Pixi: Surface specific statuses for different API failures (#4546)
ampproject/amp.dev: pages/content/pixi/info-texts/mobile-friendliness.md

---

Having a mobile-friendly website is a critical part of your online presence. In many countries, smartphone traffic now exceeds desktop traffic. If you haven't made your website mobile-friendly, you should! [Learn how](https://support.google.com/webmasters/answer/6352293#blocked-resources).

> In the event of analysis failure, please manually check your [mobile-friendly status](https://search.google.com/test/mobile-friendly).

Reviewer: is there any way to hide this information until a failure has occurred?

Author: Not easily at the moment because we would have to resolve dynamic state (response results) with static state (jinja template). @matthiasrohmer and @robinvanopstal were going to look at this tomorrow with #4556, is it OK if we merge as is until then?

Author: How's this instead?
```suggestion
To run the test directly, use the Google Search Console [Mobile-Friendly Test](https://search.google.com/test/mobile-friendly).
```
